Jacklifear, you fucked up that hail. TO THE CAMERA! zekeFIST zekeDAD
yeah, got some bad news for you there: of course it's all about the money, it always has been, this is nothing new. innovation is lower than it was because the games industry has existed for 30+ years, a lot of mechanics have been explored. admittedly there is newer tech available now, which has not been fully exploited yet. but what kind of mechanics do you have a problem with?
it wouldn't be a precision platformer if you didn't have to be precise, would it now =)
what I like about Vi/Boshy/etc is that they're essentially backseat-proof, sure you can tell someone what to do, but there's a million miles between knowing and doing
solgryn gets paid twice every time you buy this game, once with the money from steam, and secondly with the enjoyment from the pain this game causes to your very soul zekeYUP
haha, nice, make backseat gaming a feature
YOU EVIL FUCKING GENIUS zekeYUP
I'm sure you have, but I can almost never watch your normal casts
and it's not like I can look back in the archives either now, thanks twitch, get bought out by a company with all the storage in the world and then delete casts after 60 days zekeYUP
hahahaha that's just mean. love it.
that AoT game is surprisingly great
and that marathon cheesecake beard cast (I know that doesn't narrow it down an awful lot) was great to be on, too zekeYUP
I love the whole community thing you do, just wish I could watch more of it
d'aww <3
anne, king of the chatlurs
LOL
I haave fond memories of Kid Icarus. and TMNT. all on the NES.
but there was a platform the US won't have heard of, the ZX Spectrum. there was a game on there, Jet Set Willy, that I must have played thousands of times (from the age of 3-8). turns out it was impossible to complete without cheating but hey.
Frankenfunk: in the local arcade, I must've spent a small fortune on Ghouls 'n' Ghosts (original one AFAIK), Arkanoid, Golden Axe, the Nintendo game selection machine (no idea what it was called), Donkey Kong and Galaga arcade tables, Puzzle Bobble, Rainbow Islands...
Phantomwalker: I mean, it was literally impossible, unless you PEEK'd and POKE'd the memory after loading it, you simply couldn't get to the last levels =)
so many games, such a poor fleshy memory-sack to try and remember them...
also depends on how you define "kid", if it's <18 then man, that was the PC gaming heyday...
Dark5tar1: get a Yeti instead if you can afford it, much more flexible
PC games... jesus... the original Wolfenstein, Descent, Privateer, Wing Commander, Doom... and then with Windows, Total Annihilation, Quake, Tribes, MechWarrior, Starcraft, Thief, Dungeon Keeper, Postal, Carmageddon... the list goes on and on (I still have most of these on CD behind me!)
my systems went from ZX Spectrum > NES > Acorn Archimedes 3010 (another system Americans won't know)... man, THAT had some awesome games (Virus, Star Fighter 3000...)
really? I am honestly surprised! it was a UK education initiative
Plagasxm: fuck YES!
I think I had a Gameboy after the Archimedes, then a Lynx (portable Sega console, pretty sure it was a Lynx? maybe Jaguar? something catty), then I graduated to a PC capable of running the brand spanking new Windows 95 zekeYUP
oh, and a Mac Performa 475 before the PC
I've been using computers in one for or another since I was 3 :P
+m
I've been online for 20 years as of feb 2014. god I feel old
you're 32?! damn. I'm 33. no kids though!
aaargh, dog has decided that the water bowl is the place to store big heavy rubber ball
Plagasxm: german shedder, she is living up to that name right now
cya next time jack, whenever that may be, gotta go do zekey things, good luck with your minecarts zekeYUP
