Evening Jack and chat!  jackTHULU
Jack did you watch Brex try to kill the final boss? The PJSalt was so real with him.
Oh god it was priceless. He was getting so close. I would imagine at this point he has probably beat it and is moving on to speed runs. Good luck with speed runs on this game xD
Not a problem Jack!
I wouldn't be able to handle the rage xD
I can't even play games like Spelunky without getting stressed xD
I haven't played the game cause I generally can't handle these type of games but I would probably die close to 1,000 times on the final boss xD
NOOOO
So close :(
Jack do you have merchandise?
Solgryn did you work on this game?
I dunno FailFish
She could work at the banana rebublic for all I know xD
My bad
Thought I heard Jack say she.
My apologies.
You truly know how to inspire rage into a human being. And for that, I tip my hat  jackTHULU
Were you alone other than the music?
Well greaet work man.
Got a hell of a game here.
Should go work for EA KappaHD
Please don't XD
Who needs jerbbbbs? OpieOP
I do not AK.
I have people recognize me in public, I usually know when they do because they say "Hey stupid, get outa the way." KappaHD
Solgryn do you yourself have a hard time on this game?
Hmmmm
Jack, honestly Twitch does a good job for the most part in my opinion, if I had to say one thing I wish wasn't the case on Twitch was being a small time streamer such as myself, because it's very difficult in my opinion to go out there and get follows and views without an outside influence helping you get views and follows, such as Jade, Jade helped me greatly with getting some followers. I just hate to see these great small time streamers get overlooked.
There we go Paul.
We were on the same page xD
Ahhhh
Okay, well present ourselves in a manner that would be upcoming to ourselves. I personally as a mod over on Tenchi's channel have to deal with  some of the worst people on twitch and they are usually people with either very negative attitudes or just don't give a shit about others opinions. I would say that we should as a community, and I'm gonna get cliche here, treat others the way we want to be treated. Twitch chat to me is just like the real world, there's still some of the same rules. If that makes sense Jack. I would love to see more people get involved in peoples chats as well, cause often times you can have a hundred viewers but maybe one forth of those viewers are actively typing. I know it's their preference but it would be cool :)
LOL XD
Well Nicole what I mean is you still have to play by the same rules in the fact that you should treat others with respect.
I think it's wonderful people find an escape here.
Yaaaaaaaay!
Jooy's character died? D:
#OOoooaaaaooohhh #Earthdawnafterdusk
SMSkull Be Embraceed SMSkull
SMSkull Be Embraceed SMSkull
SMSkull Be Embraceed SMSkull
I am so giddy from this poetry.
SMSkull Be Embraceed SMSkull
We love you Jack!
